hello from digital fgr we have at hand
the latest nokia smartphone which is not
yet me 9 we are very impressed by it
we're very impressed by the fact that it
is a unibody polycarbonate device and a
very very sleek glass with curves
slightly curved not yet as it is Gorilla
so although you might be worried that
you might scratch it because of the
curves and I guess is that this is not
the K as far as the rest of the
technical specifications are concerned
it will be available in 16 gigabytes or
64 gigabytes memory the screen as you
see is it has a three point nine inch
diameter which is as far as we've
learned so far it will be the diagonal
diagonal but the a new iphone 5 will
have you can see that it has two cameras
18 megapixel one with a Carl Zeiss lens
double flash LED flash and one the front
so that you will be able to do not face
line but video calls with your friends
it is a second phone in this world that
will accept a micro sim card the first
one was iphone 4 of course and it will
definitely be iphone 5 it runs in a
single core processor on one gigahertz
and it has 1 gigabyte RAM and it's wrong
it is and also the processor it is what
you need to take advantage of a very
very good operating system me go it is
as you see there are no physical buttons
on the screen so whatever you need to do
with this operating system it is just a
sweep away
you have a home screen that you decide
how you would kind of applications you
wish to use we have integrated in the
home screen Twitter and Facebook so
every time you visit your home screen
you always have the latest updates on
the applications that you have
integrated apart from that you can use
any kind of application you decide to
and scroll through the implicit swipe
through the applications just like that
what we like about the legal is that it
is actually an operating system for
dummies meaning that everything is
simplified you can use it as you wish
and should you decide that you have
forgotten what kind of applications you
have run up on you can access them here
and should you decide that you don't
want so many applications open just
decide to close one or close them all
trying this phone what we have done is
we have tried to run simultaneously 36
different applications it had no problem
running them no crashes no nothing so we
are very very happy about it only know
what we can say is that from the Ouse
would have spend with this phone we're
very happy about it and we are very
happy using it both because we have push
emails and general we we use our phones
and it is so good so well made that
imagine that we can last up to two days
of constant views and apart from that we
are very happy about it because it
doesn't seem to have any drawbacks as
far as very hard usage is concerned
after all it is a nadia and nokia phone
means that a foam should
do its initial business receive phone
calls be able to have a very good signal
so that the person using it can make
phone calls can hear properly control
properly the speaker is expressive very
the sounds are very good and also they
are receiving the voice that you give me
and the other end of the line is also
extremely good as we said we are very
happy about it it is a phone that we
have enjoyed using all these days and
will definitely continue using and we
have the latest pricing from Nokia that
says that it will be a 599 the 16
gigabyte version and 699 euros the 64
gigabyte version so this is it from
digital FG are and how we have enjoyed
Nokia me n 9